# Jobz

Welcome to our one-stop extension platform where Job seekers can view all of their job applications under one roof.

To know about our idea for Jobz, you may watch the video [here](https://youtu.be/uDVtyH4h1ks).<br>
The video explaining our MVP can be found [here](https://youtu.be/z62SspQopKc).

<br>

## Description
As Job seekers find it difficult to keep track of their job applications, many often find themselves missing out in a lot of opportunities due to difficulty in managing their job applications. As we are well aware on the fact that being able to secure the job is something crucial especially in pandemic times, the idea of Jobz came about.

<br>

## Why Jobz?
1. Job seekers can easily submit a job application in a **single** click
2. Job seekers **need not to manually track** their job application statuses, in which the extension will handle it all.
3. Job seekers can **know what aspects that they need to improve** based on given insights
4. Job seekers can view **everything about their job application** in just a few clicks
5. Employers are able to obtain **potential candidates** that matches the criteria they have set

<br>

## Installation
1. Perform `git clone`
2. Install npm packages with `npm i`
3. Run `npm run build` to build the app (extensions cannot be ran in real time)
4. In Chrome, type `chrome://extensions/` and click on `Load Unpacked`. Then, direct to `<directory to repo>/build/` and click `Select Folder`.
5. You may now click on the extension on the extensions tab.

<br>

## Simple Run-through Of The Extension
1. User logs in to the extension for the first time.
2. User types in Personal Information, Work Experience and Education Experience. These information will be **saved automatically** to make things easier for users.
3. Once the user has logged in, the user can view all the applications that the user had applied for through our extension.
4. When a user is interested in a job listing on a job seeking website, the listing would contain a link/button provided generated by our extension whereby when a user clicks it, it would prompt the user to confirm it's application for the job on our extension - this is known as one-click application.
5. Once confirmed, the job application would be listed in the extension's database which the user can view it alongside his/her other job applications (Application statuses can also be viewed)

<br>

## Vision

We strongly believe in the mission to connect awesome people with amazing companies which empowers both parties to achieve greater heights together.


<br>

## Future Outlook

In order to fullfill this goal, we planned to introduce job application insights and job application recommendations based on the user's previous application data in the platform through Machine Learning. We would also want to benefit the other side of the relationship - recruiters - as a whole with talent recommendation system through Machine Learning. 

**Planned Features**
- One-stop Site for recruiters to manage application
- Employee reviews
- Portfolio feature

- Manage full recruitment process (interviews, offers-signing)
- Help companies manage applications effectively with our services. 
- Recommending talents to a suitable company. 

<br>

## Team Members
- Min Hao
- Blaise Tiong
- Wei Chun
- Jun Hoe